README.md, before:

![Icon](https://i.imgur.com/qMwX65s.jpg)
# Dynatrace.Net 
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/580qa5qts41o6fv7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lvermeulen/dynatrace-net)
 [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lvermeulen/Dynatrace.Net.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/lvermeulen/Dynatrace.Net/blob/master/LICENSE)
 [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Api.Dynatrace.Net.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Api.Dynatrace.Net/)
 ![downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Api.Dynatrace.Net)
 ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/.net-4.5.2-yellowgreen.svg) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/netstandard-1.4-yellowgreen.svg)

C# client for [Dynatrace](https://dynatrace.com/)

See documentation at [https://dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/](https://dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/)

## Features
* [X] Configuration API
  * [X] Alerting Profiles
  * [X] Anomaly Detection
  * [X] Auto-tags
  * [X] AWS Credentials
  * [X] AWS PrivateLink
  * [X] Azure Credentials
  * [X] Calculated Metrics
  * [X] Cloud Foundry Credentials
  * [X] Conditional Naming
  * [X] Credential Vault
  * [X] Dashboards
  * [X] Data Privacy
  * [X] Extensions
  * [X] Frequent Issue Detection
  * [X] Kubernetes Credentials
  * [X] Maintenance Windows
  * [X] Management Zones
  * [X] Mobile Symbolication
  * [X] Notifications
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host Group
  * [X] OneAgent Environment-wide Configuration
  * [X] Plugins
  * [X] Remote Environments
  * [X] Reports
  * [X] RUM
  * [X] Services
* [X] Environment API
  * [X] ActiveGates
  * [X] Anonymization
  * [X] Audit Logs
  * [X] Cluster Information
  * [X] Custom Tags
  * [X] Deployment
  * [X] Events
  * [X] Log Monitoring
  * [X] Timeseries v1
  * [X] Metrics v2
  * [X] Network Zones
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host
  * [X] Topology and Smartscape v1
  * [X] Monitored Entities v2
  * [X] Problems
  * [X] Problems v2
  * [X] Real User Monitoring Javascript Code
  * [X] Real User Monitoring Browser Extension
  * [X] Service Level Objectives
  * [X] Synthetic v1
  * [X] Synthetic v2
  * [X] Tokens
  * [X] User Sessions

Commit message:

Removing Official Dynatrace Logo and References

README.md, after:

# Dynatrace.Net 
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/580qa5qts41o6fv7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/lvermeulen/dynatrace-net)
 [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lvermeulen/Dynatrace.Net.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/lvermeulen/Dynatrace.Net/blob/master/LICENSE)
 [![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Api.Dynatrace.Net.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Api.Dynatrace.Net/)
 ![downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Api.Dynatrace.Net)
 ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/.net-4.5.2-yellowgreen.svg) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/netstandard-1.4-yellowgreen.svg)

C# client for [Dynatrace](https://dynatrace.com/)

See documentation at [https://dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/](https://dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/)

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Dynatrace project! If you do need support or have questions please open a GitHub Issue.

## Features
* [X] Configuration API
  * [X] Alerting Profiles
  * [X] Anomaly Detection
  * [X] Auto-tags
  * [X] AWS Credentials
  * [X] AWS PrivateLink
  * [X] Azure Credentials
  * [X] Calculated Metrics
  * [X] Cloud Foundry Credentials
  * [X] Conditional Naming
  * [X] Credential Vault
  * [X] Dashboards
  * [X] Data Privacy
  * [X] Extensions
  * [X] Frequent Issue Detection
  * [X] Kubernetes Credentials
  * [X] Maintenance Windows
  * [X] Management Zones
  * [X] Mobile Symbolication
  * [X] Notifications
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host Group
  * [X] OneAgent Environment-wide Configuration
  * [X] Plugins
  * [X] Remote Environments
  * [X] Reports
  * [X] RUM
  * [X] Services
* [X] Environment API
  * [X] ActiveGates
  * [X] Anonymization
  * [X] Audit Logs
  * [X] Cluster Information
  * [X] Custom Tags
  * [X] Deployment
  * [X] Events
  * [X] Log Monitoring
  * [X] Timeseries v1
  * [X] Metrics v2
  * [X] Network Zones
  * [X] OneAgent on a Host
  * [X] Topology and Smartscape v1
  * [X] Monitored Entities v2
  * [X] Problems
  * [X] Problems v2
  * [X] Real User Monitoring Javascript Code
  * [X] Real User Monitoring Browser Extension
  * [X] Service Level Objectives
  * [X] Synthetic v1
  * [X] Synthetic v2
  * [X] Tokens
  * [X] User Sessions
